979-8-3315-2076-2/25/$31.00 ©2025 IEEE RAIL: Recursive A* and Imitation Learning-Based 
Approach for Collision-Free Path Estimation 
 
Subhadip Chandra   
IEM Centre of Excellence for 
Data Science, Department of CSE 
(AIML), Institute of Engineering  
and Management, University of 
Engineering & Management,  
Kolkata-700091, India . 
subhadipchnadra@gmail.com  
 
Anumoy Pathak  
Department of CSBS, 
Institute of Engineering and 
Management, University of 
Engineering & Management,  
Kolkata-700091, India. 
malapathak.india@gmail.com  Kamlesh Kumar Dubey  
Department of Applied Sciences 
and Humanities,  
Invertis University 
Bareilly, UP, India 
kkdubey4maths@gmail.com Gaurav Agarwal  
Department of Computer 
Science & Engineering, 
Invertis University 
Bareilly, UP, India 
gaurav.a1@invertis.org 
 
 
 
Abstract — This paper discusses collision-free path 
planning for autonomous vehicles, a crucial aspect of their 
development. The authors propose a method to detect  objects 
of different sizes, both dynamic and static, and co mpare 
algorithms for path planning and avoidance of colli sion. 
They use traditional path-finding algorithms like A * 
Algorithm, which include heuristics and Rapidly Exp loring 
Random Tree (RRT) algorithms for real-time analysis . The 
authors discuss the challenges of ensuring path-pla nning 
algorithms scale to large environments and operate in real-
time, and the need for future work on improving the  
robustness of path-planning algorithms in dynamic a nd 
unpredictable scenarios.  
The methodology involves creating a dataset, analyz ing 
images, and training neural networks to imitate the  collision-
free path- finding algorithm. Static obstacles chan ge their 
coordinates with time, making working in dynamic 
environments difficult. Recursive A* and Imitation 
Learning (RAIL) based approaches analyze obstacles frame 
by frame, making them static at a particular time-i nstant. 
The Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and Invers e 
Reinforcement Learning are used to train an imitati on 
learning model for faster trajectory finding in aut onomous 
vehicles. Future development could involve using th e 
Internet of Things (IoT) to share the trained traje ctory-
finding model results.  
Keywords—  collision free path planning, imitation learning, 
heuristic, a* algorithm, obstacle detection  
I.  INTRODUCTION  
The appeal of autonomous vehicles in manufacturing,  
transportation, and routine works and work in hazar dous 
environments is increasing every day. For the progr ess 
in the domain of autonomous vehicles proper traject ory 
finding for loco-motion is important. Autonomous 
vehicular transport is not possible without proper path 
planning. Overcoming the obstacles in a dynamic 
environment is a major issue. Hence collision-free trajectory finding algorithms become very important . 
Over the years many path-finding algorithms have be en 
developed and implemented in different areas. Dijks tra’s 
algorithm [1] is one of the best shortest path-find ing 
algorithms for static environments. According to Fo ed, 
A*[2] is one of the best approaches to finding a pa th. 
According to Noreen, Rapidly Exploring Random 
Trees (RRT) [3], RRT* are the algorithms that have 
optimized the way of path finding. But the problem 
arises when it’s a dynamic environment, where the 
obstacles are changing their position at every inst ant. All 
the above-mentioned algorithms are fruitful only in  the 
case of a static environment. Autonomous vehicles n eed 
real-time analysis to find the perfect trajectory. Newer 
approaches such as imitation learning are one of th e 
most researched areas for finding paths for autonom ous 
vehicles. But such kind of deep learning model requ ires 
huge training data. It’s also not possible to demon strate 
every complex situation and feed it to the model. S o, 
in this article, we use a traditional path-finding 
algorithm like A* and modify it so that its behavio r can 
be imitated for proper trajectory finding in real-t ime. In 
this paper, we propose a novel approach that offers  the 
following:  
…• Detects obstacles in a dynamic environment.  
• Imitates the behavior of A* (Recursive)search 
algorithm . 
• Finds a collision-free trajectory for autonomous 
vehicular system. 
II.  LITERATURE SURVEY  
Collision-free path planning is a basic problem in 
autonomous vehicular navigation. Here we need to 2025 8th International Conference on Electronics, Materials Engineering & Nano-Technology (IEMENTech) | 979-8-3315-2076-2/25/$31.00 ©2025 IEEE | DOI: 10.1109/IEMENTECH65115.2025.10959614
Authorized licensed use limited to: INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING & MANAGEMENT TRUST. Downloaded on April 25,2025 at 04:22:18 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
determine a trajectory from a starting point to a d estination 
while avoiding obstacles. The challenge grows with the 
complexity of the environment and the need for real -time 
computation. The creation of novel reinforcement le arning 
algorithms, like actor- critic, for constrained Mar kov 
decision processes (CMDPs) has been the focus of re cent 
research [4,5,6]. Although these techniques are app reciated 
for their simplicity and wide applicability, they f requently 
call for a model or simply attempt to satisfy safet y 
requirements in a probabilistic way [7]. As an alte rnative, 
some strategies concentrate on creating control bar rier 
functions (CBFs) that can assure safety. Usually, a  safety 
filter is integrated into a reference controller to  create these 
safe controllers. In the obstacle avoidance problem , the 
use of CBFs in conjunction with model predictive co ntrol 
(MPC) has shown notable outcomes [8, 9, 10]. There 
are, in fact, controllers that combine control barr ier 
functions and reinforcement learning [11, 12]. 
Nevertheless, these controllers treat the CBF and R L as two 
distinct controllers and usually do not explicitly account 
for the action adjustments made by the CBF layer wi thin 
the loss function of the RL algorithm. 
A.  Path Planning Techniques 
Dijkstra’s Algorithm is one of the earliest methods  
used for path finding, Dijkstra’s algorithm compute s the 
shortest path between nodes in a graph, considering  edge 
weight. It is applicable to static environments but  may fail 
in dynamic obstacles environment. Whereas an extens ion 
of Dijkstra’s, the A* algorithm includes heuristics  to select 
paths that are more promising. It combines the cost  to reach 
the node and the estimated cost to the goal, making  it 
effective for real-time ap- plications. RRT algorit hm is 
designed to explore large spaces quickly. They 
incrementally build a tree of feasible paths and ar e 
particularly useful for complex, high-dimensional s paces. 
Variants like RRT* improve path quality by optimizi ng 
paths over time. 
B.  Collision Avoidance Strategies 
According to Wei, the behavioural planning [13], 
approach involves predicting the behaviour of other  agents 
and adjusting the vehicle’s path accordingly. It 
incorporates models of traffic rules and human-like  
decision-making processes. According to Ho, imitati on 
learning [14] models are trained to mimic the behav iour 
of human drivers or expert systems. This method lev erages 
demonstrations to learn complex driving policies an d 
improve decision-making in various scenarios. 
C.  Scalability and Real-Time Performance 
Ensuring that path-planning algorithms scale to lar ge 
environments and operate in real time remains a cha llenge. 
Techniques like parallel computing and hardware 
acceleration are being explored to address this. 
D.  Dynamic Environments 
Handling dynamic obstacles and changing 
environments is a major research area. Future work involves improving the robustness of path-planning 
algorithms in highly dynamic and unpredictable scen arios. 
III.  PROPOSED METHODOLOGY  
At the very beginning, the images of roads and traf fic 
are collected from various traffic datasets availab le on the 
internet. In the next phase, data pre-processing is  done. 
At first, the nature of the environment is taken in to account. 
Then the RGB images are converted to grayscale imag es. 
After that, the grayscale images are masked contour s 
are plotted and the contour area is calculated. Obj ects with 
considerable area are considered. Thus various obst acles 
are detected from the images. Following it obstacle  matrix 
is created. Then Iterative A* algorithm is implemen ted on 
the matrix to find the optimal path. After that, a GAN model 
is trained to imitate the behaviour of Iterative A*  and apply 
it on test dataset. Thus, collision free path findi ng algorithm 
is implemented. 
 
Fig. 1 Overall Flow of the Proposed Methodology 
 
A.  Dynamic Environments 
The environment is one of the key aspects. 
Environments are of two types: a) Static and b) 
Dynamic. Fig. 2(a) represents static obstacles on w hich 
do not change with time and Fig. 2(b) represents a 
dynamic obstacle which changes its coordinates with  
time. For autonomous vehicles the dynamic 
environment is to be considered. In dynamic 
environment the obstacles change their coordinates 
with respect to time but working in a dynamic 
environment is difficult. In Fig. 2 F(x, y) represe nts a 2D 
plane with obstacles having x and y co-ordinates. 
 
Fig. 2 (a) Static Environment (b) Dynamic Environme nt 
 
B.  Obstacle Detection 
Authorized licensed use limited to: INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING & MANAGEMENT TRUST. Downloaded on April 25,2025 at 04:22:18 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
Recursive A* and Imitation Learning (RAIL) based 
approach for collision-free path estimation, analys es 
obstacles frame by frame. Thus, making obstacles st atic 
at a particular time-instant. First, a frame is mas ked and 
contours are plotted. The area of each contour is 
calculated. Considerable-sized objects are marked a nd 
analysed. Fig. 3 represents a masked frame. The 
background is removed. As clear from Fig. 3 the 
obstacles appear in white. In Fig. 4 contours are p lotted 
on a frame. The green spots which are visible in Fi g. 4 
are the contours; the area of such spots is calcula ted to 
find the size of obstacles. 
 Contour Area Calculation: According to the discret e 
version of Green’s Theorem [15] bivariate differenc e 
calculus provides a general and unifying framework for the 
description and generation of incremental algorithm s. It 
may be used to compute various statistics about reg ions 
bounded by a finite and closed polygonal path. Typi cally, 
we use Green’s theorem as an alternative way to cal culate 
a line integral CF(ds). If, for example, we are in 2D space, 
C is a simple closed curve, and F(x, y) is defined 
everywhere inside C, we can apply Green’s theorem t o 
convert the line integral into a double integral. I nstead of 
calculating line integral CF(ds) directly, we calcu late the 
double integral 
 
                  
                        Fig. 3 Masked Frame (Image)  
D(( F 2) × (F 1) y)dA                (1)  
If we are given the double integral Df(x, y)dA, we can 
use Green’s theorem only if there happens to be a v ector 
field F(x, y) so that, f(x, y) = (F2)×(F1)y. The ar ea of a 
region D is equal to the double integral of f(x, y)  = 1 over 
D. Now using this formula we individually calculate  the 
area of all the objects detected in the masked imag e. The 
tire sizes that are mostly used range from 185/65 R 15 to 
265/70R17. Considering the lower dimension, which i s 
185/65 R15, the diameter of the tire is 19.68 inche s (15+ 
(0.65*185*0.039)). Now keeping the camera resolutio n 
and the tire size in mind, any object with a contou r area 
greater than 100 sq. inches is treated as an obstac le. The 
coordinates of such obstacles in the frame are push ed into 
an obstacle list. C.  Obstacle Matrix 
A 2-D matrix is created, having similar dimensions as 
that of the image. The coordinates from the obstacl e lists 
are popped out one by one. Then the coordinates of the 2-
D matrix which are matching with the popped-out 
coordinates are marked with “1”s and the rest with “0”s. 
The same is represented in Fig. 5. Fig. 5(a) shows the 
obstacles identified in a frame. Fig. 5(b) represen ts the 
respective obstacle matrix where obstacles are repr esented 
as “1”. 
                 
                       Fig. 4 Contour Plotted Frame  (Image) 
 
                          (a) ……………………………….  (b) 
Fig. 5 (a) Detected Obstacles (b) Obstacle Matrix 
 
D.  Recursive A* Search Algorithm 
When it comes to search algorithms, A* has 
served a lot of purposes. It is a heuristic method to 
find path avoiding obstacles. A* has the following 
functions: g(n): The cost of the path from the star t node 
to the current node n. h(n): The heuristic estimate  of the 
cost from n to the goal. f(n) = g(n) + h(n): The to tal 
estimated cost of the cheapest solution through n. A* 
finds the path between a starting node(S) and a goa l node 
(G). But A* fails in a dynamic environment if the g oal 
node overlaps with any kind of obstacles which was not 
there previously. Fig. 6(a), (b), and (c) show a gr id 
where red dots are obstacles and ’S’ and ‘G’ are st arts 
and goals respectively. 
         (a)   (b)  (c)  
Fig. 6 ( a ) A* Algorithmic Approach, (b) Fail Case of A* 
Algorithm (c) Recursive A* Algorithmic Approach 
 
Authorized licensed use limited to: INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING & MANAGEMENT TRUST. Downloaded on April 25,2025 at 04:22:18 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
In Fig. 6(a), we see that, using A* algorithm we 
are able to reach the destination. But problem occu rs 
when obstacles reside over goal as seen in Fig. 6(b ). In 
that case A* fails to find the collision free path.  So we 
come up with recursive A* algorithm which goes as 
close as possible up to the goal as evident from Fi g. 6(c). 
In case of recursive A*, the immediate surroundings  of 
the start node are taken as the goal (pseudo goal).  If path 
is possible then that goal becomes the pseudo start  node 
and its immediate surrounding becomes the goal. Thi s 
process is continued until the desired goal is reac hed or 
at least goes close enough. In this case left and f orward 
direction is preferred for analysing the immediate 
surroundings. So, RAIL uses A* in a recursive manne r. 
In Recursive-A*(RA*) each next node from the starti ng 
node is treated as a pseudo goal until the real goa l is 
reached. This approach helps to get closer to the r eal 
goal in case of any obstacle overlap. 
E.  Imitation Learning 
According to Choi Imitation learning (IL) [16] is a  ma- 
chine learning paradigm in which an agent learns a 
policy by observing and mimicking expert demonstrat ions, 
without needing explicit programming or reward sign als as 
in traditional reinforcement learning. It is common ly used 
in robotics, self-driving cars, and game playing, w here 
learning directly from demonstrations can be more e fficient 
than learning purely from trial and error. The math ematical 
foundations behind imitation learning can be unders tood 
by examining its core components: supervised learni ng, 
policy learning, and inverse reinforcement learning . Here 
we use Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and 
Inverse Reinforcement Learning (IRL). GAN is a deep  
learning architecture that trains two neural networ ks 
competing against each other. One network generates  new 
data by taking input data and modifying it as much as 
possible. The other network checks whether the gene rated 
data resembles the original or not. This process of  
generating and checking is continued until the pred icting 
network fails to distinguish between the fake and o riginal 
data. Thus, a policy is learned. Reinforcement lear ning 
involves an agent, reward function, and policy. The  agent 
learns to maximize rewards in an environment. The r eward 
function (R(s, a, s)) quantifies the 
desirability of a state transition (s → s) caused by an 
action a. The policy ((as)) maps states to actions.  In the 
case of Inverse 
Reinforcement Learning there is a given set of 
trajectories (state-action pairs) = (s1, a1), (s2, a2), . . . = 
(s1, a1), (s2, a2), . . . generated by an expert’s policy * and 
the goal is to infer the reward function R(s, a, s)  that 
explains *. The input to IRL is a set of expert tra jectories: 
τ  = (s0, a0) , (s1, a1) . . . (sT, aT )     (2)  
The expert’s policy (as) maximizes the expected 
cumulative reward: 
                             J (π) = E[∑ γ
 tR(st, at) ∣π]               (3)                       
      π∗ = arg max π  J(π)                             (4)                                                              R∗=argmax R(L(R;τ) )                                  (5)                             
Here L is likelihood function, measuring how well R  
explains the expert’s behavior. Therefore, IRL is u sed 
to uncover the underlying preferences of an expert and to 
use inferred rewards for training new agents or tra nsferring 
behavior to different environments. Imitation learn ing 
involves imitating the behavior of an expert. It in fers the 
reward function R(s) that explains the expert’s beh avior 
using IRL and trains a policy to maximize the infer red 
reward function. In the case of autonomous vehicles , 
training an imitation learning model requires a hug e 
training time. So, the RA* is used as the expert tr ainer 
whose behaviour is imitated for faster trajectory f inding. 
IV.  ALGORITHM OF RAIL 
 
Input : Real-time video of the road captured by a car 
Output : Collision-free trajectory for the real-time 
scenario 
1.  Extract Frames are extracted from the video. 
2.  While  frames are available in the video  do  
3.            Convert the RGB frame into a grayscale fr ame. 
4.            Remove the background of the frame and ma sk         
…….. the frame. 
5.            Plot the contours on the masked frame and        
…….. calculate the contour area. 
6.            Detect objects with considerable size. 
7.  …….. Detect the coordinates of pixels as 
…….. obstacles and append them into an obstacle 
…….. list obs 
8.            Create a 2-D matrix of similar dimension of the 
…….. frame and fill that with  0s  
9.            While  obs  list is not empty  do  
10.                             Pop coordinates and stor e in C 
11.                             Assign a value l to the coordinate of 
………………... the .matrix matching C 
12.             End While 
13.             Set start, pstart  = (frame_height, 
……... frame_height/2) 
14.             Set goal  = (frame_width/2, frame_width/2),  
15.             Set pgoal  = (frame_height – 1, frame_width/2) 
16.             Create a list named path and   Set  i = 1 
17.             While pstart (x coordinate) > goal(x 
……… coordinate) .do 
18.                 Create closed set  and open set  
19.                 Open set = nodes to be evaluated, 
………… initialized with the start node 
20.                 Closed set  = nodes that have already 
………... been evaluated, initially empty 
21.                 Create a list named ppath  
22.                 Initialize g(pstart ) = 0// g(n): The cost of 
………... the path from the start node to  node n 
23.                 Initialize g(other nodes) = ∞   
24.  ………... Initialize f(pstart ) = h(pstart ) // h(n): A 
………... heuristic function estimating the .. cost 
………... from node n to the goal and f(n) = g(n) 
………… + h(n): The estimated total .. cost .. of 
………... the cheapest solution through n 
25.                .While  Open Set is not empty do 
26.                         Select the node n in the Open Set 
Authorized licensed use limited to: INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING & MANAGEMENT TRUST. Downloaded on April 25,2025 at 04:22:18 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
……………….. with the smallest f(n) value  
27.                         If  n is the pgoal  node then 
 ………………… Reconstruct and store the path 
………………… by tracing back through parent 
………………… pointers in ppath  
29.                         End If  
30.                         Remove n from the Open Set  and add it 
……………... to the Closed Set   
31.                         For  each neighbor n′ of n 
32.                                 If  n′ is in the Closed Set , skip it  
33.                                 Calculate the tentat ive cost 
………………….. g_tentative (n)= g(n) + cost( n, n′)  
34.                                 If  n′ is not in the Open Set  or 
…………………………. g_tentative (n) < g(n′) then  
35.                                           Update g(n′) = 
…………………………. g_tentative (n),  f(n′) .= g(n′) 
…………………………. + h(n′)  
36.                                           Set the pa rent of n′ to n  
37.                                           If  n′ is not in the Open Set , 
…………………………. add it to .the Open Set  
38.                                 End If 
39.                          End For 
40.                   End While 
41.                   If  Open set  is not empty then 
42.                       Update i = i+1  
43.                       Reverse ppath  and append into path  
44.                       Update pstart = pgoal,  Update pgoal  = 
……………. (frame_height – i, frame_width/2)  
45.                   Else 
46.                        Update i  = i+1  
47.                        Update pgoal  = (frame_height – i, 
…………….. frame_width/2)  
48.           End While 
49.          Train Imitation learning model to learn the  
…… environment and path. 
50.          Display path on the frame.  
51.  End While         
 
V.  RESULT  
Table. 1, depicts the success rate achieved by vari ous 
algorithms on the same test cases in a dynamic 
environment (where the position of the obstacles is  not 
fixed). It is clear from the table that RAIL is mor e 
successful as compared to A* and Dijkstra’s algorit hms. 
Table. 2. shows the execution time taken by the 
different algorithms in different grid sizes such a s 
25×25, 100×100, 250×250 and 500×500. With respect 
to execution time, the proposed methodology execute s 
faster compared to other conventional approaches. 
Fig. 7 reflects a bar plot to compare between RAIL and 
A*. Dijkstra’s algorithm in not considered in this figure 
as it has a huge execution time as compared to the other 
two. 
Table. 1. Success Rate comparison with other 
collision free path estimation algorithms.  
Sl. 
No. Algorithm Success 
Rate 
1 Dijkstra  0.0001(0.01 
%) 2 A*  0.1(10%)  
3 RAIL  0.812(81.2)  
 
Table.  2. Time Efficiency Comparison with other 
collision free path estimation algorithms 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fig. 7 Graph showing comparison between A* and Recu rsive A* 
 
VI.  Conclusion 
Usage of a graph-based algorithm such as A* in a 
dynamic environment is not feasible. But using it i n an 
imitation learning model is something new. We 
imitate the behavior of A* algorithm and implement it 
in real time. Collision-free path planning and 
autonomous vehicle navigation are rapidly evolving 
fields. Advances in algorithms, sensor technologies , and 
machine learning are driving improvements in safety , 
efficiency, and robustness. Continued research and 
development are needed to address remaining challen ges 
and enable broader adoption of autonomous vehicles.  
REFERENCES  
[1]  Edsger W. Dijkstra. A note on two problems in conne xion with graphs. 
Numerische Mathematik, 1:269–271, (1959) 
 Algorithm Grid Size 
(rows x 
columns) Execution 
Time(in ns) 
Dijkstra (25×25) 621 
(100×100) 9972 
(250×250) 62430 
(500×500) 249999 
A* (25×25) 49 
(100×100) 199 
(250×250) 499 
(500×500) 999 
RAIL (25×25) 48 
(100×100) 198 
(250×250) 498 
(500×500) 998 
Authorized licensed use limited to: INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING & MANAGEMENT TRUST. Downloaded on April 25,2025 at 04:22:18 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
[2]  Daniel Foead, Alifio Ghifari, Marchel Budi Kusuma, Novita Hanafiah, 
and Eric Gunawan. A systematic literature review of  a* pathfinding. 
Procedia Computer Science, 179:507–514, (2021). 
[3]  Iram Noreen, Amna Khan, and Zulfiqar Habib. A compa rison of rrt, 
rrt* and rrt*- smart path planning algorithms. Inte rnational Journal of 
Computer Science and Network Security (IJCSNS), 16( 10):20, (2016). 
[4]  Cheng, R.; Orosz, G.; Murray, R.M.; Burdick, J.W. E nd-to-End Safe 
Reinforcement Learning through Barrier Functions fo r Safety-Critical 
Continuous Control Tasks. Proc. Aaai Conf. Artif. I ntell. 33, 3387–
3395. (2019). 
[5]  Tessler, C.; Mankowitz, D.J.; Mannor, S. Reward con strained policy 
optimization, (2018). 
[6]  Achiam, J.; Held, D.; Tamar, A.; Abbeel, P. Constra ined Policy Op- 
timization. In Proceed- ings of the 34th Internatio nal Conference on 
Machine Learning, Sydney, Australia, 6–11 August, p p. 22–31. (2017).  
[7]  Gu, S.; Kuba, J.G.; Chen, Y.; Du, Y.; Yang, L.; Kno ll, A.; Yang, Y. Safe 
Multi-Agent Re- inforcement Learning for Multi-Robo t Control. Artif. 
Intell. , 319, 103905. (2023). 
[8]  Du, D.; Han, S.; Qi, N.; Ammar, H.B.; Wang, J.; Pan , W. Reinforcement 
Learning for Safe Robot Control Using Control Lyapu nov Barrier 
Functions. In Proceedings of the 2023 IEEE Internat ional Conference 
on Robotics and Automation (ICRA), London, UK, (202 3). 
[9]  Zeng, J.; Zhang, B.; Sreenath, K. Safety-Critical M odel Predictive 
Control with Discrete- Time Control Barrier Functio n. In Proceedings 
of the 2021 American Control Conference (ACC), New Orleans, LA, 
USA, (2021). 
[10]  Thirugnanam, A.; Zeng, J.; Sreenath, K. Safety-Crit ical Control and 
Planning for Obstacle Avoidance between Polytopes w ith Control Bar- 
rier Functions. In Proceedings of the 2022 Internat ional Conference on 
Robotics and Automation (ICRA) 2022, Philadelphia, PA, USA, 
(2022).  
[11]  Xue, H.; Lai, Y.H.; Sun, K. Human-like constraint-a daptive model pre- 
dictive control with risk-tunable control barrier f unctions for 
autonomous ships. Ocean. Eng. (2024). 
[12]  Cohen, M.H.; Belta, C. Safe Exploration in Model-Ba sed 
Reinforcement Learning Using Control Barrier Functi ons. 
Automatica 2023, 147, 110684. 
[13]  Junqing Wei, Jarrod M Snider, Tianyu Gu, John M Dol an, and 
Bakhtiar Litkouhi. A behavioral planning framework for 
autonomous driving. In 2014 IEEE Intelligent Vehicl es Symposium 
Proceedings, pages 458–464. IEEE, (2014). 
[14]  Jonathan Ho and Stefano Ermon. Generative adversari al imitation 
learn- ing. Advances in neural information processi ng systems, 29, 
(2016). 
[15]  Srecko Brlek, Gilbert Labelle, and Annie Lacasse. T he discrete green 
theorem and some applications in discrete geometry.  Theoretical Com- 
puter Science, 346(2-3):200– 225, (2005). 
[16]  Seongjin Choi, Jiwon Kim, and Hwasoo Yeo. Trajgail:  Generating 
urban vehicle trajectories using generative adversa rial imitation 
learning. Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies, 
128:103091, (2021). 
 
Authorized licensed use limited to: INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING & MANAGEMENT TRUST. Downloaded on April 25,2025 at 04:22:18 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
